yesterday I work from 12 to 7 30 and
honestly all I did was work on my novel
and watch the vlog rum in November
marathon over the last three days I have
slept very little and wrote quite a lot
I wrote 24 thousand words in the span of
three days I honestly look crazy wearing
this hat for the rest of the video these
are bags these are bags under my eyes
right here I don't understand how I did
it I nanowrimo NaNoWriMo was an
experience this year a very strange
experience I almost if you watch my
other channel you know that I almost
gave up on Thanksgiving and then a
friend of mine told me not to and I
listened to him and end up finishing my
novel last night at eleven thirty six at
fifty-eight thousand words I'm done with
my novel and I don't have to think about
it again until I edited but we're not
gonna talk about that sometimes I think
I'm a machine proud of myself and I've
heard of all of you guys who did it too
I just don't understand how I went from
this I just don't want to I just feel
like I don't have it in me to this
50,000 words 50,000 words fifteen
thousand words just couldn't Oh bleep I
just did that in like two days also
today is awesome because I finished a
freaking novel yesterday and how many
people can say that like finished it
like wrote the words the end now I'm
gonna go to sleep for a very long time
next I member better see you guys all
there also I wanted to talk about the
fact that yesterday November 30th was
the one year anniversary of starting
this channel and I was really happy and
emotional over a little bit because I
just can't believe how far we've come
since we made this channel because I
love you girls and I'm so glad that this
exists and I'm so glad that so many of
you guys watch us and I'm so thankful of
every one of your car
I still read every single comment and
try to respond to a lot of them I
appreciate you guys and I'm happy so I
just want to celebrate for a little bit
you John like a channel for she's a
jolly good channel for she's a jolly
good Chad now so I'm sad about something
many of you probably know who I'm
talking about when I mentioned my friend
Sam who has been living with her for two
months I recently found out the truth
back to the east coast and I'm a little
bit upset about this not really ready to
let her go but I don't really have a
choice because she's leaving on Thursday
so next video I make she won't live here
anymore so bye Sam you get an official
goodbye I'm five awesome girls oh I just
watched back this entire video and
realize that the seam of my hat is right
here and then it looks silly I hate
things like that no Lauren I will see
you tomorrow